I want to make the following video outlining the content and best features of the product we build within 24 hours for the Arke challenge.
Main control point, and observability for the manufacturing line, and current state of sales orders.
You can go throught the history book and pending list of sales ordered and their statuses. They can be completed,
scheduled for production, or waited to be scheduled for production.
You can look at the schedule, and the bot will output currently scheduled production orders and will output the image of the 
Gantt chart of the scheduled production orders.
Program is also dependen on real time data, and stram of events from the factory (whether the production orders have been completed successfully), 
from the sales api to get new sales orders.
Since this is a demo, we made the current time, and time rate configurable so we can speed up the events, and see what 
happen in the future. Let's say we are now at february 26, and let's generate a schedule for 12 mock sales orders
Ok we see a generated schedule, lets now adress the conflicts, and give human text feedback:
SO-005 was escalated P3 -> P1. A naive priority-first plan can schedule SO-005 before SO-003 and miss SO-003 by a day. 
An EDF-correct plan keeps SO-003 first (tighter deadline) and can still meet both.
We make a structured input output to AI agent, and based on user comments reschedules the order while keeping the EDF
constrain in place.
Ok now we have a feature to track current factory processing of the the order and get real time events, 
if we go into this factory order, we can see its currently running, we can follow a link and see the real time stream
of the factory footage. For now we implemented a digital twin physical simulation of the factory, but the flexible
and modular design of the agent allows to reconnect real time video stream from the camera.
We also have a separate computer vision node that monitors events of the configured video stream, and will send events to
AI agent if the production order.
Ok we can see from 3 currently processed items 1 had a defect, we got a notification in the bot, and we can react.
Curently there are two options, either its going to reschedule the batch from the start and will have to move all other production
orders later, or just cancel the order, and move other orders forward.
We can now see there are two production orders which deadlines cannot be met, so we can press a button, that will use
Arke api to parse emails of the clients, and will send a message notifying the client the order will be delayed by this specific time.
