I want to implement operations person <-> telegram robot interaction loop with the manufacturing line currently processing a production order or still having multiple multiple sales orders waiting to be disassempled to production orders and scheduled in time. 
I want to make the telegram bot to allow operations person to have full observability of the entire operations state, allow the person to query a new Scheduling order based on still pending sales orders so that it fits with currently processing production orders. The sales orders gets pushed to the API automatically and should not be pushed via telegram, but operations user can update priorities for certain sales orders, or write notes, or delete sales orders, even if they were already scheduled in production line, or change quantities.  User also views the suggested schedule before accepting it, and it can give comments (text comments) that will be sent back together to core so it does find a new schedule.
We have separate core that will recalculate the start and end time based on new schedules. but from you I just want to get interaction behaiviours with telegram.
User should also get notification if something is going wrong with production line. For now its either that certain stage have finished, or specific production order has been finished, or specific product exemplar has been failed at certain stage and it has been rescheduled, and that potentially some deadline is going to be fi.
User experience starts with entetering the API base url (That is saved for the user session). 
And then bot would need to talk with api to make actions and receive real time data from the API. 
For now, just define main telegram functionality, so that given the amount of text that is expected from the outputs it is properly formatted and user experience is pleasent with buttons and formatted text. Also make code abstract with function calls that dont exist yet (such as API calls ) I am goint to add later, and do data handling based on defined dataclasses instead of working with ambigious dictionaries
